Event Replay feature (#422)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: event-replay.mdx

---
# slug: "/docs/event-replay"
title: "Event Replay"
description: >-

>   Detailed technical description of the events backup and replay feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Detailed technical description of RudderStack's events backup and replay feature.
```

---

# Event Replay 

> RudderStack's **Event Replay** feature lets you backup your event data and replay it in case of any failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack's **event replay** feature lets you backup your event data and replay it in case of any failures.
```

Reviewer: Should we add more context for what 'replay' means? Basically, resend historical events to the destinations in case of any failures. cc @esadek to confirm if it's technically accurate.

<div class="infoBlock">

> Event Replay is an enterprise-only feature. For more information on the features included in this plan, refer to the RudderStack <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/pricing/">pricing</a> page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event replay is an enterprise-only feature. For more information on the features included in this plan, refer to the RudderStack <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/pricing/">pricing</a> page.
```

</div>

> 

Reviewer: Let's add the enterprise ribbon as well. Example: [here](https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/data-governance/rudderstack-data-governance-api/)

> RudderStack can store the following types of event data and replay it to the specified destinations: 

Reviewer: Should we include this information within a separate section? Something like "Event types for backup and replay", for example.

- Raw events captured by RudderStack through various sources (stored in batches of 100,000 events).
- Event payloads sent by RudderStack in case of delivery failures along with the errors (stored approximately every 30 seconds).

## Data storage options

> You can choose any of the the below-mentioned options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RudderStack offers the following data storage options for the event replay functionality:
```

> - **No Data Retention**: No event data is stored and hence cannot be replayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No data retention**: RudderStack does not store any event data and hence it cannot be replayed.
```

> - **RudderStack S3 Storage** (default): Event data is stored in RudderStack's Amazon S3 bucket on a rolling 30-day basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RudderStack S3 Storage** (default): Event data is stored in RudderStack's Amazon S3 bucket on a rolling 30-day basis, i.e., RudderStack deletes the event data 30 days after it was stored.
```

> - **Choose your Object Storage**: Event data is stored in your Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob Storage, or MinIO bucket. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Choose your object storage**: Event data is stored in your object storage. RudderStack currently supports Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, Azure Blob Storage, and MinIO as object storage options. 
```

> The below section provides more details on how to set up your object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section provides more details on how to set up your object storage.
```

### Object storage setup

> Refer to the following settings depending on your cloud provider:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to set up your own object storage for backing up and replaying the events, follow the steps below depending on your cloud provider:
```

<Tabs>
  <TabList>
   <Tab>Amazon S3</Tab>
    <Tab>Google Cloud Storage</Tab>
    <Tab>Azure Blob Storage</Tab>
    <Tab>MinIO</Tab>
  </TabList>
  <TabPanels>
    <TabPanel>
    <ul>

>       <li>Create a <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/creating-bucket.html">bucket</a>.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Create your <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/creating-bucket.html">object storage bucket</a>.</li>
```

>       <li>Configure relevant <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/administrators-guide/bucket-configuration-settings/#permissions-for-amazon-s3">permissions</a>.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Configure the relevant <a href="https://www.rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/administrators-guide/bucket-configuration-settings/#permissions-for-amazon-s3">permissions</a> for your bucket.</li>
```

>       <li><a href="mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your `bucket name`, `access key ID`, and `secret access key`.</li>      

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li><a href="mailto:%20support@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your `bucket name`, `access key ID`, and `secret access key`.</li>      
```

      </ul>
    </TabPanel>
    <TabPanel>
    <ul>

>       <li>Create a <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/creating-buckets">bucket</a>.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Create your <a href="https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/creating-buckets">object storage bucket</a>.</li>
```

>       <li>Configure relevant <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/administrators-guide/bucket-configuration-settings/#permissions-for-gcs">permissions</a>.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li>Configure the relevant <a href="https://rudderstack.com/docs/user-guides/administrators-guide/bucket-configuration-settings/#permissions-for-gcs">permissions</a> for your bucket.</li>
```

>       <li><a href="mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your `bucket name`, and credentials JSON.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li><a href="mailto:%20support@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your bucket name and the credentials JSON.</li>
```

    </ul>
    </TabPanel>
    <TabPanel>
    <ul>
      <li>Login to the <a href="https://portal.azure.com/">Azure portal</a> and create a <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-account-create?tabs=azure-portal">storage account</a>.</li>
      <li>Click on <strong>Containers</strong> under <strong>Blob service</strong> and create a new container.</li>

>       <li><a href="mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your `account name`, `container`, and `access key`.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li><a href="mailto:%20support@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your account name, <strong>container</strong>, and <strong>access key</strong>.</li>
```

    </ul>
    </TabPanel>
    <TabPanel>
    <ul>
      <li>Login to your MinIO service and create a bucket</a>.</li>

>       <li><a href="mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com">Contact us</a> to share your `access key ID`, and `secret access key`.</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <li><a href="mailto:%20support@rudderstack.com">Contact our customer success team</a> to share your <strong>access key ID</strong>, and <strong>secret access key</strong>.</li>
```

    </ul>
    </TabPanel>
  </TabPanels>
</Tabs>

## Contact us

> To know more about the event backup and replay feature, you can [**contact us**](mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com) or start a conversation in our [**Slack**](https://rudderstack.com/join-rudderstack-slack-community) community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the event backup and replay feature, you can [**contact us**](mailto:%20docs@rudderstack.com) or start a conversation in our [**Slack**](https://rudderstack.com/join-rudderstack-slack-community) community.
```
